Hi Bruce,

I registered as a volunteer in LAMarathon, and I received your confirmation, but I did not get the mail about the instruction on how to get the parking pass.

Can you help me?

Here is your pervious email:

Thanks for joining us for the race weekend as a member of our Eco-Volunteer Team! We appreciate your contribution to the Honda LA Marathon presented by K-Swiss. You are receiving this email because you registered on www.lamarathon.com to volunteer at the Finish Festival, March 20, for one of these Eco-Volunteer shifts:
 
Sunday, March 21
Finish Line Festival Beach Party @ Santa Monica
                Report to: the Sweat Storage trucks in the NE corner of the Finish Line Festival Beach Party (see map)
                                8 am – 2:30 pm
2 pm - 5 pm
 
Parking passes for the Finish Line Festival have be mailed out along with instructions. Alternatively, we encourage all volunteers to carpool, take public transportation, ride your bike or walk to the pier as traffic and road closures will limit mobility on race day.
 
In 2009, the LA Marathon was certified as a ‘green race’ by the Council for Responsible Sport, the standards body for mass-participation sporting events in the US. For more information please visit resport.org.
 
VOLUNTEER APPAREL
The LA Marathon will provide you with a volunteer t-shirt to wear during your shifts. We will also provide non-latex gloves.
 
WHAT TO BRING WITH YOU
We strongly recommend you wear a hat and bring your own sunscreen and reusable water bottle. Wear comfortable clothing and shoes as you’ll be on your feet for most of your shift. And bring a rain coat as there is rain in the forecast.
 
CONTACT
If you have questions, contact Bruce Rayner, LA Marathon Green Team Coordinator and Chief Green Officer, Athletes for a Fit Planet, at bruce@afitplanet.com. For use during your shift here’s Bruce’s cell phone #: 508-380-0868.
 
We are looking forward to seeing you on Sunday in Santa Monica. A volunteer coordinator will meet you at the Volunteer Center at the start of your shirt so please arrive on time.
 
Thanks again for volunteering and we’ll see you Sunday.
 
Bruce
 
Bruce Rayner
Chief Green Officer
Athletes for a Fit Planet
t. 508-429-0976
c. 508-380-0868
bruce@afitplanet.com
www.afitplanet.com
skype: bruce_afitplanet.com
 
Event Organizers - take the Pledge of Sustainability
Athletes - check out the Green Events Calendar

Thanks,
Sharon
